Damn brother
How dare you force me to wear such obscene and revealing clothes
If it weren't for the prince
I'm afraid I have no face to live in this world
You are a woman from the Beining family
Whoever touches who dies
you
A consumer brings the medicine
Kneel down and beat you
Whenever you let go
This palace will give you Meiji 360 horses
What are you waiting for?
Kowtow, please consume and drink medicine for you.
Please consume medication
Wait a minute, I'll go get a cigarette first
Here you go.
Your Highness, I have evidence of my father's guilt in my hands
You don't kill me
I'll give it all to you.
Today they are going to assassinate you and Xiao Fei
It depends on your sincerity
It feels so good.
The skin is so smooth and white
Your Highness
Concubine is ok
Okay. Hmm.
This ice beauty is finally going to melt after I saved it
Grass people meet His Highness
Free gift Li Shengying
How is the situation of the concubine Xiang?
Grass people use this thousand-year-old Ganoderma lucidum
Endowed with the art of pouring wine
Available in three days
Ok ok
Hahaha Xiaofei is fine
With all due respect
Concubine Xiang is fine
It's just that His Royal Highness, you are not afraid